So we've seen here that there is a simple way to initialize a collection, so the simplest way to initialize
the collection is to create, in this case, an immutable collection and say, list of and pass items.
So the compiler will know, depending on which items we've added here, that what types are inserted
into this list of right.
In this case, we're going to be strings.
In this other case.
Here we have immutable list of we have types integers.
And of course, I'm giving smaller examples here, but you may infer that we can add any type we want,
even custom tags such as object and so forth.
So we haven't talked about custom or our own objects classes, but that's fine so we can put any type
really of items or variables we want to add into the collections.
So this is one way of initializing it, but there are times we won't initialize it explicitly, meaning
we want to show exactly what are the types that are supposed to be associated with the variable or in
this case, the list.
How do we do that?
OK, so back here, what I can do, I might create another variable.
Let's get rid of that real quick.
So I can say something like Val, my new list and I can say this is equal to a either immutable list
of like that.
In the moment you hit enter, you can see these angular brackets is less than greater than sine.
What is that?
Well, that means here is where we are going to tell the compiler the types that we're expecting for
these mutable list to hold.
All right.
So if I say strings, that just tells the compiler it's going to be ready anytime we want to add things
or immutable list, my new list here is we'll expect you to pass strings.
Look at this if I say my new list, OK and say, add it knows exactly that element, it has to be string
because we have specified it.
So this is explicitly being set.
So we're telling that explicitly that this mutable list is going to be holding type strings.
If I try to add an integer, we can have an issue.
If you have a over is going to say the integer literal does not conform to the expected type string.
And of course, it gives us this two string call, which is going to convert this one to a string value.
In this case, it will work, but that's not what we want.
OK.
So that just gives you an idea of how the compiler works.
So now we can add strings and say, Hey.
Fair view.
Something like that doesn't work, right, because we just had to add one.
There we go.
I got carried away.
So there we go.
And we can continue like this.
Hey, there.
Now we can also do a full loop, right?
We can say, for instance, for in this case, I can say I am one through 10.
I can just go ahead and see my new list.
That ad.
In this case, I can say that each index in the past, I and I'm going to add element of string.
In this case, I can just go ahead and say, for instance, hey, and pass the index.
I like that.
OK.
And at the bottom, I can go ahead and print out land like this.
My new list like this?
Let's see what's going to happen when I run this a little bigger.
So you can see.
So now we have a list that says, Hey, hey, one two eight three all the way to hey, tally, there's
there.
So that's what's happening here.
Let's go down to where I am supposed to be.
OK, so these were added first.
Hey, then there that's was added last.
So what's happening with this there that is outside?
It could be because this was skipped or even in the last two, because the for loop here quickly was
executed.
OK, so there we go.
So we were able to add elements in a full loop, as you see here.
OK.
But the beauty here when I was trying to show you is that we were able to first create, instantiate
or initialize an emptiness case in empty, mutable list of light.
We specify the type that this is going to hold string types.
That is what I wanted to show you.
So if we can do this, obviously we can do with immutable lists, right?
And I won't do that because it's something that you can do yourself.
So if we can initialize or construct a collection such as this, like this, we can do, of course,
with an immutable list of right.
In fact, if we come down here and do the same thing when I say file my new immutable list like that
says equal list of hit enter, the same thing is going to happen and then have to pass a type that this
list will contain and continue doing the same thing.
Obviously, I cannot say my new list immutable ad because that's not going to work, but I can come
here and initialize it right away as well.
We can see one something like this that would work.
But notice, if you do that, that defeats the purpose, right?
Because again, once we start passing the items of know our list, the compiler will know exactly that.
This list will contain integers because we're passing integers.
So it defeats the purpose really in this case, in this case, we just get rid of that and call it good.
So we go back to what we had before, but I just want to show you the possibilities.
So with that, I think you can figure out how to do the same with sets and as well with maps.
OK, so go ahead and do that as an exercise and I'll see you later.